photo
the traditional balsamic vinegar of reggio emilia nata mature ages and yes
refines in wooden barrels
the most beautiful set of different wood essences
it is called a battery
the battery normally consists of five barrels of different capacity
the woods used mainly are im + oak
the chestnut
the mulberry
the cherry tree
reggini pro
to get an acid from the overall scents you need to diversify the
wood essences in the composition of the battery
the barrels commonly used have thick slats in an oblong shape with
an opening at the top known as the bunghole
this square shaped hole is relatively wide and allows
easy barrel control including cleaning inspections
the most suitable place for vinegar is the policy floor exposed to excursions
thermal due to the succession of seasons that go well with the
traditional reggio emilia balsamic vinegar cycle
the hot period corresponds to the maximum activity
in this period the natural alcoholic fermentations or oxidations take place
accents that
in the smallest caskets mainly reactions take place
natural aging and maturation
in which substances that are transferred from wood also contribute, contributing
to the formation of the characteristic buckley
since certification is an aerobic process that needs a lot of oxygen
it is essential that the plant be placed in an airy environment or not
closed but in contact with its natural habitat